chore: Update release notes for [ TECH-1542 ] [TECH-1593 ] [ TECH-1594 ] (#121)
dhis2/dhis2-releases: releases/2.41/README.md

* `/api/dataSummary` in the `objectCounts` object
* `/api/system/objectCounts`

## Database

> ### Breaking Changes: tables and columns rename 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Breaking Changes: renamed tables and columns 
```

Reviewer: I would put this header under `### Tracker` like we did in `## API` 😄

> Following Tracker's new [naming](#naming) in the API, we have some tables and columns renamed following the new convention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have renamed some tables and columns following tracker's new [naming](#naming) in the API.
```

Therefore, we align the database's names with the changes applied to `trackedEntityInstance`, `programInstance`, and `programStageInstance`.

> #### Tables Rename

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Renamed Tables
```

| Old Table Name              | New Table Name                 |
| ----------------------------|:------------------------------:|
| trackedentityinstance       | trackedentity                  |
| programinstance             | enrollment                     |
| programstageinstance        | event                          |
| programstageinstancefilter  | eventfilter                    |
| programstageinstancecomments| eventcomments                  |
| programinstancecomments     | enrollmentcomments             |
| trackedentityinstanceaudit  | trackedentityaudit             |
| trackedentityinstancefilter | trackedentityfilter            |

> #### Columns Rename

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Renamed Columns
```

> Likewise, some columns adapts to the new naming. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Likewise, some columns are adapted to the new naming. 
```

Reviewer: I think we can even remove any sentences in here. The why is already explained in `### Breaking Changes: tables and columns rename`. I don't think the table needs more explanation 😄

> Columns rename for deprecated `programstageinstance`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `programstageinstance` related columns have been renamed
```

(same for the sentences below)

> | Table (existing or renamed) | Column Old Name                | Column New Name        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Table (new names) | Column Old Name                | Column New Name        |
```

| trackedentityattributevalueaudit | trackedentityinstanceid        | trackedentityid        |
| programmessage                   | trackedentityinstanceid        | trackedentityid        |
| relationshipitem                 | trackedentityinstanceid        | trackedentityid        |
| trackedentityprogramowner        | trackedentityinstanceid        | trackedentityid        |
| programtempownershipaudit        | trackedentityinstanceid        | trackedentityid        |
| programtempowner                 | trackedentityinstanceid        | trackedentityid        |
| programownershiphistory          | trackedentityinstanceid        | trackedentityid        |

#### Postgres Reference

From Postgres docs for [alter table](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-altertable.html)

> The RENAME forms change the name of a table (or an index, sequence, view, materialized view, or foreign table), 
> the name of an individual column in a table, or the name of a constraint of the table. 
> When renaming a constraint that has an underlying index, the index is renamed as well. **There is no effect on the stored data.**

> Renaming a table or a table's column do not affect the data. For example, re-building a primary key index, which can be expensive for large tables, should not happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renaming a table or a table's column does not affect the data. For example, re-building a primary key index, which can be expensive for large tables, should not happen.
```

Therefore, no downtime is expected following the migrations.

> We can check the transaction commit for the index creation hasn't changed after the renaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check that the index creation hasn't changed after the migration via the transaction commit.
```

```sql
SELECT pg_xact_commit_timestamp(xmin)
FROM pg_class
WHERE relname = 'programstageinstance_pkey';
```

> Notice if we want to run the query, Postgres needs to start with `-c track_commit_timestamp=on`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice if you want to run the query, Postgres needs to start with `-c track_commit_timestamp=on`
```
